[improvement] update README with more details than a stub (#914)
TheAlgorithms/C-Plus-Plus: README.md

# The Algorithms - C++ # {#mainpage}
<!-- the suffix in the above line is required for doxygen to consider this as the index page of the generated documentation site -->

[![Gitpod Ready-to-Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitpod-Ready--to--Code-blue?logo=gitpod)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/TheAlgorithms/C-Plus-Plus) [![Language grade: C/C++](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/cpp/g/TheAlgorithms/C-Plus-Plus.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/TheAlgorithms/C-Plus-Plus/context:cpp) 
[![Gitter chat](https://img.shields.io/badge/Chat-Gitter-ff69b4.svg?label=Chat&logo=gitter&style=flat-square)](https://gitter.im/TheAlgorithms)
[![contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=Contributions&message=Welcome&color=0059b3&style=flat-square)]("https://github.com/TheAlgorithms/C-Plus-Plus/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md")
![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/TheAlgorithms/C-Plus-Plus?color=red&style=flat-square)

> ![GitHub closed pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-closed/TheAlgorithms/C-Plus-Plus?color=green&style=flat-square)

Reviewer: Why highlight closed PRs?

Author: It was already there in the repo. nothing new that I added. But I agree. not much value in it. The only pros I see is for coders who find this number to be a measure of activity in the repo.

[![Doxygen CI](https://github.com/TheAlgorithms/C-Plus-Plus/workflows/Doxygen%20CI/badge.svg)]("https://TheAlgorithms.github.io/C-Plus-Plus")
[![Awesome CI](https://github.com/TheAlgorithms/C-Plus-Plus/workflows/Awesome%20CI%20Workflow/badge.svg)]("https://github.com/TheAlgorithms/C-Plus-Plus/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Awesome+CI+Workflow%22")

## Overview

> The repository is a collection of implementation of a variety of algorithms implemented in C++. These algorithms span a variety of topics from computer science, mathematics and statistics, data science, machine learning, engineering, etc.. The implementations are meant to be a learning resource for educators and students. Hence, one may find more than one implementation for the same algorithm with different optimizations and different strategies used that would be documented therein. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repository is a collection of implementations of a variety of algorithms implemented in C++. These algorithms span a variety of topics from computer science, mathematics, statistics, data science, machine learning, engineering, etc. These implementations are meant to be a learning resource. Hence, there may be multiple implementations for the same algorithm with different optimizations and/or different strategies which should be documented. 
```

## Features

* The repository provides implementations of various algorithms in one of the most fundamental general purpose languages - [C++](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C%2B%2B).
* Well documented source code with detailed explanations provide a valuable resource for educators and students alike.

> * Each source code is atomic using [STL classes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Standard_Template_Library) and _no external libraries_ are required for their compilation and execution. Thus the fundamentals of the algorithms can be studied in much depth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Each source file should be atomic using [STL classes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Standard_Template_Library) and _no external libraries_ should be required for their compilation and execution. This will allow the fundamentals of the algorithms can be studied in depth.
```

> * Source codes are [compiled and tested](https://github.com/TheAlgorithms/C-Plus-Plus/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Awesome+CI+Workflow%22) for every commit on the latest versions of three major operating systems Windows, MacOS and Ubuntu (Linux) using MSVC 16 2019, AppleClang 11.0 and GNU 7.5.0 respectively. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Source codes are [compiled and tested](https://github.com/TheAlgorithms/C-Plus-Plus/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Awesome+CI+Workflow%22) for every commit on the latest versions of three major operating systems: Windows, MacOS and Ubuntu (Linux), using MSVC 16 2019, AppleClang 11.0 and GNU 7.5.0 respectively. 
```

Author: used `viz` instead.

> * Strict adherence to [C++11](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C%2B%2B11) standard ensures portability of code to embedded systems as well like ESP32, ARM Cortex, etc with little to no changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Strict adherence to [C++11](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C%2B%2B11) standard ensures portability of code to embedded systems as well like ESP32, ARM Cortex, etc. with little to no changes.
```

Author: 👍

* Self-checks within programs ensure correct implementations with confidence.
* Modular implementations and OpenSource licensing enable the functions to be utilized conveniently in other applications.

## Documentation

[Online Documentation](https://TheAlgorithms.github.io/C-Plus-Plus) is generated from the repository source codes directly. The documentation contains all resources including source code snippets, details on execution of the programs, diagrammatic representation of program flow, and links to external resources where necessary. The documentation also introduces interactive source code with links to documentation for C++ STL library functions used.
Click on [Files menu](https://TheAlgorithms.github.io/C-Plus-Plus/files.html) to see the list of all the files documented with the code.

## Contributions

> As a community developed and community maintained repository, we welcome new un-plagiarized quality contributions. Please read our [Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/TheAlgorithms/C-Plus-Plus/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a community developed and maintained repository, we welcome new un-plagiarized quality contributions. Please read our [Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/TheAlgorithms/C-Plus-Plus/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```
